Move Banner to core (#1743)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: packages/lab/stories/input-legacy/input-legacy.doc.stories.mdx

# Input Legacy

<Banner status="warning">
  <BannerContent>
    This component has been deprecated. The new

>     [Input](?path=/docs/documentation-lab-input-next--page) is a current WIP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Input](?path=/docs/documentation-core-input--page) is a current WIP.
```
